#summary The changelog
#labels Featured

= Changelog =

== Next release ==
  * Fixed the bug that sometimes caused trying to add to whitelist to crash the bot.
  * Properly fix right-click menu.

== v 1.1.10.9 ==
  * There, I Fixed It: Make it work again.

== v 1.1.10.8 ==
  * FML: Make it work again.

== v 1.1.10.7 ==
  * Sort of fix the right-click menu; will be fixed properly once I get time.

== v 1.1.10.6 ==
  * New plugin: There, I Fixed It
  * Add right-click menu to taskbar icon.
  * Dice: Add support for roll modifiers. That is, allow things like 3d4+3 and 10d5-3.

== v 1.1.10.5 ==
  * New plugin: LML

== v 1.1.10.4 ==
  * Penis: Add a few new ones.
  * Transformation: Added MiXeD CaSe and random poop.

== v 1.1.10.3 ==
  * New plugin: Transformation
  * NB: I had to update the certificate used for signing my deployment, as it expired a few days ago. This may or may not give some trouble.

== v 1.1.10.2 ==
  * New plugin: Not Always Right
  * Penis: Add Richard to list of names.

== v 1.1.10.1 ==
  * Wikipedia: Correct small parsing bugs.
  * FML: Fix the occasional non-decoded HTML character entity.
  * Something Awful: Fix the occasional non-decoded HTML character entity.

== v 1.1.10.0 ==
  * Wikipedia: Add ability to look up articles with `!wiki <article>`.
  * Discard messages older than 1 hour.

== v 1.1.9.6 ==
  * New plugin: Texts From Last Night
  * Overheard In...: Decode HTML character entities.

== v 1.1.9.5 ==
  * Overheard In...: Minor bugfix.

== v 1.1.9.4 ==
  * Wikipedia: Make the random wiki link command work again.
  * New plugin: Overheard In...

== v 1.1.9.3 ==
  * New plugin: FML
  * Update changelog link in the menus.
  * QDB: Handle the appended "Comment:" lines better.

== v 1.1.9.2 ==
  * Introduced a proper changelog.
  * Make loading/unloading of plugins appear snappier.
  * YouTube: Randomizer now keeps a cache of random videos, to speed it up.